3.2 typos and minor editorial changes (#4876)
OAI/OpenAPI-Specification: src/oas.md

| Field Pattern | Type | Description |
| ---- | :----: | ---- |

> | <a name="paths-path"></a>/{path} | [Path Item Object](#path-item-object) | A relative path to an individual endpoint. The field name MUST begin with a forward slash (`/`). The path is **appended** (no relative URL resolution) to the resolved and template-variable-substituted URL from the [Server Object](#server-object)'s `url` field in order to construct the full URL. [Path templating](#path-templating) is allowed. When matching URLs, concrete (non-templated) paths would be matched before their templated counterparts. Templated paths with the same hierarchy but different templated names MUST NOT exist as they are identical. In case of ambiguous matching, it's up to the tooling to decide which one to use. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <a name="paths-path"></a>/{path} | [Path Item Object](#path-item-object) | A relative path to an individual endpoint. The field name MUST begin with a forward slash (`/`). The URL from the [Server Object](#server-object)'s `url` field, resolved and with template variables substituted, has the path **appended** (no relative URL resolution) to it in order to construct the full URL. [Path templating](#path-templating) is allowed. When matching URLs, concrete (non-templated) paths would be matched before their templated counterparts. Templated paths with the same hierarchy but different templated names MUST NOT exist as they are identical. In case of ambiguous matching, it's up to the tooling to decide which one to use. |
```

Does rewording it help?

Both `schema` and `itemSchema` MAY be used in the same Media Type Object.
However, doing so is unlikely to have significant advantages over using the `items` keyword within the `schema` field.

<a name="considerations-event-stream"></a><!-- works and satisfies both markdownlint and ReSpec -->

> 

Author: Problem is that respec and markdownlint generate anchors for headings slightly differently:
* respec replaces `/` with `-`, resulting in
  * `#special-considerations-for-textevent-stream-content`
* markdownlint removes `/`, resulting in
  * `#special-considerations-for-text-event-stream-content`

If we use the respec anchor, it will work in the spec HTML and markdownlint will complain.

If we use the markdownlink anchor, markdownlint is satisfied and the link will _not_ work in the spec HTML.

Using a custom anchor avoids that problem.

> 

Reviewer: Thanks for explaining and fixing it, @ralfhandl

> 

Reviewer 2: @ralfhandl I tested this and it breaks because it does not change how the little `§` anchor link that I use to find the right section-specific URI still uses the auto-generated one.  There is no indication to the user that there is a special link thing happening here.  Can we get markdownlint to ignore this section?  I really don't like the idea of either breaking user expectations or changing our section titles because markdownlint can't handle something that is, in fact, 100% valid.

        type: object
        properties:
          # default content type for a string without `contentEncoding`
          # is "text/plain"
          id:
            type: string
            format: uuid

          # default content type for a schema without `type`
          # is "application/octet-stream"
          profileImage: {}

          # for arrays, the `encoding` field applies the Encoding Object
          # to each item individually and determines the default content type
          # based on the type in the `items` subschema, which in this example
          # is an object, so the default content type for each item is

>           # "application/json"

Reviewer 2: Same with these and other changes from backticks to quotes on media types.  We should either keep the regular backticks formatting in the comments for everything that is formatted that way, or for nothing.

In this example, the retrieval URIs are irrelevant because both documents define `$self`.

The relative `$ref` in the first document is resolved against `$self` to produce `https://example.com/api/shared/foo#/components/requestBodies/Foo`.

> The portion of that URI before the "#" matches the `$self` of the second document, so the reference target is resolved to `#/components/requestBodies/Foo` in that second document.

Author: Will change
